then sofa
then sofa a methide answered therefore my anxious
a methide answered therefore my anxious
a methide answered therefore my anxious thoughts make me answer because of the
thoughts make me answer because of the
thoughts make me answer because of the turmoil within me I have heard the
turmoil within me I have heard the
turmoil within me I have heard the rebuke that reproaches me and the spirit
rebuke that reproaches me and the spirit
rebuke that reproaches me and the spirit of my understanding causes me to answer
of my understanding causes me to answer
of my understanding causes me to answer do you not know this of old since man
do you not know this of old since man
do you not know this of old since man was placed on earth that the triumphing
was placed on earth that the triumphing
was placed on earth that the triumphing of the wicked is short and the joy of
of the wicked is short and the joy of
of the wicked is short and the joy of the hypocrite is but for a moment though
the hypocrite is but for a moment though
the hypocrite is but for a moment though his haughtiness mounts up to the heavens
his haughtiness mounts up to the heavens
his haughtiness mounts up to the heavens and his head reaches to the clouds yet
and his head reaches to the clouds yet
and his head reaches to the clouds yet he will perish forever like his own
he will perish forever like his own
he will perish forever like his own refuse those who have seen him will say
refuse those who have seen him will say
refuse those who have seen him will say where is he
where is he
where is he he will fly away like a dream and not be
he will fly away like a dream and not be
he will fly away like a dream and not be found yes he will be chased away like a
found yes he will be chased away like a
found yes he will be chased away like a vision of the night the eye that saw him
vision of the night the eye that saw him
vision of the night the eye that saw him will see him no more nor will his place
will see him no more nor will his place
will see him no more nor will his place behold him anymore
behold him anymore
behold him anymore his children will seek the favor of the
his children will seek the favor of the
his children will seek the favor of the poor and his hands will restore his
poor and his hands will restore his
poor and his hands will restore his wealth his bones are full of his
wealth his bones are full of his
wealth his bones are full of his youthful vigor but it will lie down with
youthful vigor but it will lie down with
youthful vigor but it will lie down with him in the dust
him in the dust
him in the dust though evil is sweet in his mouth and he
though evil is sweet in his mouth and he
though evil is sweet in his mouth and he hides it under his tongue though he
hides it under his tongue though he
hides it under his tongue though he spares it and does not forsake it but
spares it and does not forsake it but
spares it and does not forsake it but still keeps it in his mouth yet his food
still keeps it in his mouth yet his food
still keeps it in his mouth yet his food in his stomach
in his stomach
in his stomach turns sour it becomes cobra venom within
turns sour it becomes cobra venom within
turns sour it becomes cobra venom within him he swallows down riches and vomits
him he swallows down riches and vomits
him he swallows down riches and vomits them up again God cast them out of his
them up again God cast them out of his
them up again God cast them out of his belly he will suck the poison of Cobras
belly he will suck the poison of Cobras
belly he will suck the poison of Cobras the Vipers tongue will slay him he will
the Vipers tongue will slay him he will
the Vipers tongue will slay him he will not see the streams the rivers flowing
not see the streams the rivers flowing
not see the streams the rivers flowing with honey and cream he will restore
with honey and cream he will restore
with honey and cream he will restore that for which he laboured and will not
that for which he laboured and will not
that for which he laboured and will not swallow it down from the proceeds of
swallow it down from the proceeds of
swallow it down from the proceeds of business Hey
business Hey
business Hey he will get no enjoyment for he has
he will get no enjoyment for he has
he will get no enjoyment for he has oppressed and forsaken the poor he has
oppressed and forsaken the poor he has
oppressed and forsaken the poor he has violently seized the house which he did
violently seized the house which he did
violently seized the house which he did not build because he knows no quietness
not build because he knows no quietness
not build because he knows no quietness in his heart he will not save anything
in his heart he will not save anything
in his heart he will not save anything he desires nothing is left for him to
he desires nothing is left for him to
he desires nothing is left for him to eat therefore his well-being will not
eat therefore his well-being will not
eat therefore his well-being will not last it is self-sufficiency he will be
last it is self-sufficiency he will be
last it is self-sufficiency he will be in distress every hand of misery will
in distress every hand of misery will
in distress every hand of misery will come against him when he is about to
come against him when he is about to
come against him when he is about to fill his stomach God will cast on him
fill his stomach God will cast on him
fill his stomach God will cast on him the fury of his wrath and will rain it
the fury of his wrath and will rain it
the fury of his wrath and will rain it on him while he is eating he will flee
on him while he is eating he will flee
on him while he is eating he will flee from the iron weapon a bronze Bowl will
from the iron weapon a bronze Bowl will
from the iron weapon a bronze Bowl will pierce him through it is drawn and comes
pierce him through it is drawn and comes
pierce him through it is drawn and comes out of the body yes the glittering point
out of the body yes the glittering point
out of the body yes the glittering point comes out of his gall terrors come upon
comes out of his gall terrors come upon
comes out of his gall terrors come upon him total darkness is reserved for his
him total darkness is reserved for his
him total darkness is reserved for his treasures an unfair will consume him it
treasures an unfair will consume him it
treasures an unfair will consume him it shall go ill with him who is left in his
shall go ill with him who is left in his
shall go ill with him who is left in his tent
tent
tent the heavens will reveal his iniquity and
the heavens will reveal his iniquity and
the heavens will reveal his iniquity and the earth will rise up against him the
the earth will rise up against him the
the earth will rise up against him the increase of his house will depart and
increase of his house will depart and
increase of his house will depart and his goods will flow away in the day of
his goods will flow away in the day of
his goods will flow away in the day of his wrath this is the portion from God
his wrath this is the portion from God
his wrath this is the portion from God for a wicked man the Heritage appointed
for a wicked man the Heritage appointed
for a wicked man the Heritage appointed to him by God
you
you [Music]